Hey, tonight
Gonna be tonight
Don't you know I'm flyin'
Tonight
Hey, c'mon
Gonna chase tomorrow
Tonight
Gonna get it to the rafters,
watch me now
Jody's gonna get religion,
all night long
Hey, c'mon
Gonna hear the sun
Tonight
Gonna get it to the rafters,
watch me now
Jody's gonna get religion,
all night long
Hey, tonight
Gonna be tonight
Don't you know I'm flyin'
Tonight
That was about 10 years before Eddie Van
Halen did the same thing to his guitar...
Well, I played this guitar on
a bunch of songs right there...
Travelin' Band, Green River,
Up Around the Bend, like that...
This is the guitar I
played at Woodstock!
That's right!
Now Woodstock was
kind of a strange deal...
They call me up in July
of 1969 to play in August...
And they said: John why
don't you bring Creedence up to
Woodstock and
play, I said: Great!
Just give us a
good spot on the bill
The man says: 9 o'clock,
Saturday night, that's the best spot!
I said: Alright,
cool, we'll be there.
What he didn't tell me was...
You're going to follow
the Greatful Dead.
Anyway...
Unbeknownst to me, I arrived
quite innocently on Saturday,
in the afternoon, looked
around. You know there were
half a million people
up there, at Woodstock.
So...
At about 6 o'clock I'm starting to
get kind of nervous because there
were still 5 more bands that had
to play before the Greatful Dead.
Well, you guessed it...
7 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 9 o'clock,
came, and still no Greatful Dead.
10, 11, the Greatful Dead
finally went on at midnight.
Playing their jingly-jangly,
tie-dye, rainbowy kind of thing.
It was cool...
About 45 minutes and
then they stopped...
Dead silence.
Right in the middle of their set.
Nobody knew what had happened.
Well in 1995 the band fessed
up that what had happened was...
as they walked on stage at
Woodstock, they all took LSD...
In front of half
a million people.
Well, anyway, up on stage
it sounded kind of like this:
Hey Jerry...
- Yeah, man?
Where's my guitar?
I don't know, man.
Anyway, after an hour of
silence, they started playing again,
played another 45 minutes,
and then were gone.
I come running out on stage, I'm ready
to rock'n'roll, set the world on fire.
It was 2:30 in the
morning, people.
There were a lot of kids right
down here who looked just like me...
except...
they were naked...
and...
they were asleep...
The Greatful Dead had
put half a million people...
to sleep.
So I commence to rocking and rolling, trying
to get this thing going here, you know...
Travelin' Band, Good Golly
Miss Molly, Keep on Chooglin'
It wasn't kind of really moving.
I went up to the mic, I was
a little frustrated, if you
watch the movie you'll see it.
I said: Well, we're playing
our hearts out up here for ya...
We just want you
to have a good time.
Way out there in the darkness,
some lonesome dude...
one guy, flicking his
light and I hear him say:
Don't worry about it
John, we're with you.
So I played the whole rest of my
big Woodstock concert for that guy.
Hey, tonight
Gonna be tonight
Don't you know I'm flyin'
Tonight
Hey, c'mon
Gonna chase tomorrow
Tonight
Gonna get it to the rafters,
watch me now
Jody's gonna get religion,
all night long
Hey, c'mon
Gonna hear the sun
Tonight
Gonna get it to the rafters,
watch me now
Jody's gonna get religion,
all night long
Hey, tonight
Gonna be tonight
Don't you know I'm flyin'
Tonight